Feat: add some documents about the user and RBAC (#597)
oam-dev/kubevela.io: docs/how-to/dashboard/user/user.md

---
title: User management
---

> Once installed VelaUX has one built-in `admin` user that has full access to the system. it is recommended to use this user only for initial configuration and then create new user or configure SSO integration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once VelaUX is installed, there's a built-in administrator user with full access to the system. It is recommended to use only the admin user for the initial configuration, then switch to another user or configure the SSO integration.
```

## Local users/accounts

The local users/accounts feature serves two main use-cases:

* For the restful API users，it is possible to configure an API account with limited permissions and generate an authentication token. users can use token to communicate with the API to create applications, etc.
* For a very small team where use of SSO integration might be considered an overkill. There could only use local users to authentication. 

### Get full users list

> If login user have list users permission, he could switch to the `Platform/Users` page and get full users list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the logged-in user has the list user permission, he can switch to the `Platforms/Users` page and get the full list of users.```
